
Name:
Last 4 digits ID:
Computer IP address:
CSE 6331, Cloud Computing					


Quiz Q2, 3 Summer 2018   (c) DL, UTA, 2018


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     4 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________

 2. Get files from this same folder.
   
 3. Name your program with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
    (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")

    edata.csv is a "condensed" earthquake data from USGS with some attributes (columns) removed.

Show and submit code:

 5. Show a web page and interface (which resides on the cloud provider) with your name and 
    student ID in large font at the top of every web page dispayed (for this quiz) 

 6. Import edata into a Relational Data Base (SQL), if you have already done this, (briefly) explain/describe
    how you did this. Please note that for some parts of the following you will need to create indexes (keys)
    appropriately.

 7. Allow a user, through a web form, to give a magnitude range (for example 3 to 5) and on a web page display
    the number of quakes in intervals of 0.1, ie 3.0 to 3.1, 3.101 to 3.2, 3.201 to 3.3, up to 4.901 to 5.0.
    (The .001 offset avoids double counting.)

 8. Allow a user, through a web form, to give a location (place column) such as "Hawaii" and a magnitude
    range and then, on a web page, list time, latitude, longitude, and place for all matching.

 9. UTA is at 32.7357, -97.1081 (lat, long), we will give you a value that you will use to create a bounding
    box, for example if we give you 2.0 you will use from 30.7357 to 34.7357 lat, and -95.1081 to -99.1081
    long. On a web page display the five largest earthquakes in that bounding box.

 
 10. Show GTA parts 5,6, 7, 8, 9

 11. When complete, return (send) this quiz
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.

